c:\users\a.walker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\bin\Debug\consoleXstreamX.exe.config
c:\users\a.walker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\bin\Debug\consoleXstreamX.exe
c:\users\a.walker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\bin\Debug\consoleXstreamX.pdb
c:\users\a.walker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib-2010.dll
c:\users\a.walker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\a.walker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\a.walker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\a.walker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.exe
c:\users\a.walker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.pdb
c:\users\a.walker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.Form1.resources
C:\Users\nefyl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\bin\Debug\consoleXstreamX.exe.config
C:\Users\nefyl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.exe
C:\Users\nefyl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\nefyl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.Form1.resources
C:\Users\nefyl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\nefyl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\nefyl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\bin\Debug\consoleXstreamX.exe
C:\Users\nefyl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\bin\Debug\consoleXstreamX.pdb
C:\Users\nefyl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib-2010.dll
C:\Users\nefyl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.pdb
C:\Users\nefyl\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.DisplayMenu.MenuMain.resources
C:\Users\a.walker\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\consoleXstreamX\consoleXstreamX\obj\Debug\consoleXstreamX.DisplayMenu.MenuMain.resources
